{"studentName":"41231074","studentCode":"8159293","studentEmail":"Participant1074@astix.in","isInstantResultProcess":true,"clientName":"assessment","assessmentDetails":[{"assessmentId":"41","assessmentName":"Case Study","scheduleID":"0","assessmentType":"Case Study","competency":[{"competencyName":"Strategic Business Partner","description":"Strategic Business Partner","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Lacks understanding of financial implications in decision-making.  Unable to foresee business, industry, or market scenarios. Lacks a macro perspective and struggles to see the big picture. Fails to sustain long-term market leadership through effective strategies. Hesitates to take bold and decisive action, especially when outcomes are highly uncertain. "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Uses financial data for analysis but may overlook certain financial implications. Shows limited strategic foresight in predicting business scenarios. Starting to develop a macro perspective but unable to form the big picture. Makes some attempts to sustain market leadership, but strategies may not be fully effective in the long term. Takes cautious action, preferring to minimize risks even if it means missing out on potential rewards. "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Uses financial data well to take decisions. Displays strategic foresight in predicting some business, industry, or market scenarios. Shows macro perspective and can see the big picture to a certain extent. Successfully transforms the market or organization to become a leader in a specific area. Takes calculated risks and occasionally takes bold action, but may still hesitate in highly uncertain situations. "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Able to identify and navigate through financial implications of decisions taken. Displays strategic foresight in predicting various business, industry, or market scenarios accurately. Is able to see the big picture clearly and leverages it for organizational growth. Implements strategies that sustain market leadership over the long term. Takes bold and decisive action, even when outcomes are highly uncertain. "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Able to foresee and effectively manage all financial implications of decisions taken. Displays unparalleled strategic foresight, accurately predicting diverse business, industry, or market scenarios. Able to see the big picture with clarity and leverage it to propel the organization to unprecedented heights. Implements highly effective strategies that not only sustain long-term market leadership but also set new standards for excellence. Consistently takes bold and decisive action without hesitation, even when outcomes are highly uncertain. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Visionary thinking and Business Acumen","description":"Visionary thinking and Business Acumen","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Attempts to articulate clear actionable steps in alignment with the operational strategy of the department keeping in mind the medium-term priorities . Demonstrates basic understanding of financial tools and applies them into daily routine . Understands the overall business along with handshakes across the value chain."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Demonstrates in-depth financial acumen by understanding the financial data . Is able to decide the way forward for the respective department depending upon industry / market trends and dynamics in a medium to long term scenario. Uses sense of business to facilitate growth of the department ."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Articulates divisional strategy, holistic understanding of the impact of market/ business dynamics on overall division’s agenda and is able to drive initiatives in line with the business goals. Demonstrates financial acumen by analysing financial data to take decisions . Focuses on long term priorities . Uses the understanding of the business implications in facilitating the growth of the division ."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Demonstrates commercial acumen by identifying financial implications to navigate through the decisions accordingly  . Displays strategic foresight in predicting business/ industry/ market scenarios and crafts a clear organization vision and direction considering organization dynamics \u0026 interlinkages. Has a macro perspective with the ability to see the big picture . Setting up the organisation for future readiness to drive the growth of the organisation."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Shapes market through first-mover advantage","description":"Shapes market through first-mover advantage","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Helps the department leverage the understanding to brainstorm on ideas that could be explored to gain a first mover advantage . Understands how the market changes and proactively seeks to understand the changing trends in the market ."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Capitalizes on market trends and emerging technologies by initiating ideation on developing / modifying products, services, or business models ahead of competitors. Continuously monitors the competitive landscape for potential disruptions. Displays the ability to contribute in accomplishing the divisional strategy to gain competitive advantage ."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Displays ability to craft a divisional strategy to create a distinguished competitive advantage . Proactively investigates market and global trends to identify opportunities and potential challenges . Tracks competitors to see how to differentiate and leverage Adani\u0027s unique value proposition to gain advantage."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Analyses \"white spaces\" in the industry to create unique value propositions . Possesses in depth understanding of the market ecosystem . Sustains long-term market leadership through strategies. Transforms market to become a market leader in a product / service / process ."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Risk Taking","description":"Risk Taking","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Balances the desire for growth with the need to protect against potential losses.. Evaluates potential risks carefully before making decisions.. Seeks to mitigate risks through thorough planning and analysis.. Willing to take calculated risks but prefers to err on the side of caution.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Comfortable with moderate levels of risk in pursuit of opportunities.. Manages risks effectively by implementing strategies to minimize potential negative outcomes. Understands that risk is inherent in business and is necessary for growth and innovation.. Willing to take calculated risks based on thorough assessment and analysis.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Accepts that failure is a natural part of the risk-taking process and uses it as a learning experience.. Displays a high level of confidence in taking risks to pursue ambitious goals.. Embraces uncertainty and sees it as an opportunity for growth and learning.. Willing to pursue unconventional strategies and ideas that have the potential for significant rewards.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Fearless in the face of risk, often seeking out high-risk, high-reward opportunities.. Possesses a strong belief in their abilities to overcome challenges and succeed against the odds.. Thrives in environments with high levels of uncertainty and volatility.. Willing to take bold and decisive action, even when the outcome is highly uncertain."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Change Agent","description":"Change Agent","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Reacts passively to change. Shows reluctance to shift organizational strategy. Rarely looks beyond current industry practices. Lacks a diverse network of relationships. "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Reacts to change when it occurs but may not proactively anticipate it. Shifts organizational strategy or approach in response to market trends and demands, but with some delay. Occasionally explores new ways of doing things across industries, but results are inconsistent. Establishes some relationships, but they are limited in diversity and strategic influence. "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Responds promptly to changes in the market, organization dynamics, and situational demands. Demonstrates agility personally and serves as a moderate role model for others in adapting to change. Actively looks for new ways of doing things across industries. Builds a decent network of relationships, contributing to some strategic alliances and influence. "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Quickly adjusts organizational strategy or approach in response to market trends, organization dynamics, and situational demands. Serves as a strong role model for agility and effectively helps others adapt to change. Proactively seeks out new ways of doing things across industries. Builds a diverse network of relationships, forming strategic alliances and exerting influence. "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Anticipates change strategically and leverages it to drive progress and transformation. Demonstrates exceptional agility in shifting organizational strategy or approach, ensuring alignment with evolving market trends and demands. Continuously explores and implements new ways of doing things across industries. Builds a highly diverse and influential network of relationships. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Conceptualize Change","description":"Conceptualize Change","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Able to adapt to new approaches when explained why and how and is determined to complete tasks under the existing conditions. Alters plans to fit a specific situation to get the work done and/or to meet functional goals. Provides suggestions for increasing the effectiveness of change. Responds quickly to new opportunities and learns new behaviours."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Embraces change as an opportunity \u0026 adapts quickly to effectively manage uncertainty. Encourages and supports team members in accepting and adapting to change. Shows willingness to listen different perspectives, opinions, brought forth by stakeholders across the hierarchy ."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Develops strategies to overcome resistance and drive successful change implementation within the function. Proactively evaluates the impact of market / business trends on own function\u0027s dynamics. Receptiveness to consider and embrace perspectives, thereby creating a positive inter-generational environment  ."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Is a role model for being agile, and helps others adapt to change. Promotes intergenerational sharing of wisdom, guidance and life experiences . Shifts organisation strategy or approach in response to the market trends, organisation dynamic and demands of the situation. Thrives in dynamic and rapidly evolving environment \u0026 proactively anticipates change for progress."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Navigate Change","description":"Navigate Change","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates importance of change to others and encourages self and others to come out of their comfort zone. Focus is more on achieving operational targets, rather than looking at improving/changing the current way of operations. Is uncomfortable talking about new ideas/change. Limited interest in investing in new ideas effort, time \u0026 money. Visibly uncomfortable when introducing a new idea to the team."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Acts as a change advocate and develops detailed initiatives/ plans to enable the team to grow beyond their comfort zone. Does not give enough implementation opportunity of the new ideas when under pressure. Encourages some members to generate new ideas but is mostly in a ‘critical’ mode. Is too risk averse to take risks while implementing new ideas; however wants to implement ideas in some simple cases. Prefers to follow the old way, “we have been doing it well for so long, why to change?”- if given the chance."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Acts as a change champion and builds requisite capabilities to facilitate and manage change. New ideas are the driving force and people suggesting new ideas/ creative solutions are encouraged. Open to taking risks while implementing appropriate new ideas or change initiative. Seeks/shares information across  to enhance efficiency / Is available to support and guide on new ideas. Sets up new processes to enhance innovation across area."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Assesses the applicability of new, hitherto unapplied concepts to the current or future organizational reality . Creates a compelling vision for change and encourages a culture of accepting and driving change. Encourages cross-functional sharing to imbibe creativity across levels. Looks for new ways of doing things across industry to drive impact."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Change Implementation and Stakeholder Impact","description":"Change Implementation and Stakeholder Impact","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Builds strong formal and informal networks across work units and levels to accomplish team goals. Demonstrates flexibility in response to unexpected challenges and setbacks. Exhibits a positive attitude and maintains composure during difficult situations. Maintains a positive mindset and proactively seeks solutions and encouragement in the face of adversity."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Breaks organisational silos to establish personal and professional networks across business entities for large scale, high-impact  projects. Demonstrates problem-solving skills to overcome obstacles when faced with adversity / challenging times. Uses past experiences to better navigate future challenges. Utilizes available resources and seeks additional support when facing challenges."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Able to reframe setbacks as opportunities for growth. Builds strategic coalitions with customers, industry forums, external experts and alliance partners to drive business agenda. Connect with team members to understand their concerns and encourages them to keep things going in difficult situations . Develops strategies to ensure delivery and service quality in hard times."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Builds a diverse network of relationships to create strategic alliances and influence/ shape the future. Inspires others to stay positive and motivated in challenging circumstances. Provides an organizational environment to develop strategies in unfamiliar situations. Respond to setbacks by developing alternative approaches to determine the best course of action."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Global Mindset","description":"Global Mindset","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Does not leverage disruptive global trends. Struggles to create a compelling vision for change. Limited adaptation to new ideas and industry shifts. Takes a myopic view of the situation. NA "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Demonstrates some ability to prepare for disruptive global trends but lacks depth. Beginning to create a vision for change but it\u0027s not fully compelling. Makes some efforts to implement new ideas but lacks consistency. Starting to establish a learning ecosystem but not very effectively. NA "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Proactively prepares for disruptive global trends and can foresee potential market redefinitions. Is able to create a compelling vision for change that inspires others. Reshapes the enterprise with differential ideas, though improvements can be made in implementation. Establishes a learning ecosystem that transcends organizational boundaries, but there\u0027s room for expansion and improvement. NA "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Attempts to foresee disruptive global trends and equip the enterprise to conquer the unknown. Creates a highly compelling vision for change and able to propel people to drive the change. Brings in new ideas that have the potential to redefine the industry. Establishes a robust learning ecosystem that transcends organizational boundaries. Global Vision: Developing a deep understanding of global trends and their impact on the organization and industry. Cultural Intelligence: Understanding and adapting to different cultures and perspectives. Strategic Collaboration: Building and leveraging partnerships across borders. "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Is able to foresee disruptive global trends and prepares and equips the enterprise to conquer the unknown effectively. Creates a highly compelling vision for change and fosters a culture of embracing and driving change. Reshapes the enterprise rapidly with pioneering ideas that have the potential to redefine the industry. Propagates a robust learning ecosystem that transcends organizational boundaries and equips the enterprise for future challenges effectively. Global Leadership: Leading and inspiring teams across borders to achieve ambitious goals. Disruptive Innovation: Developing and implementing innovative solutions that challenge industry paradigms. Future-Ready Organization: Building a resilient and adaptable organization that can thrive in a rapidly changing global environment. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Exploring possibilities","description":"Exploring possibilities","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Balances conflicting demands of complex, high-pressure situations with courage and foresight. Drives self and others to build new ideas and creative approaches to address challenges. Learns from the experience of self and others to develop more effective approaches."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Creates a safe space where the team can generate new ideas, experiment, and develop more effective approaches. Facilitates sharing of experiences and ‘lessons learned’ within the team in order to break new grounds. Thinks smartly and leads the way for capitalizing on even unfavourable situations for building business and uncovering latent opportunities."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Builds and champions a culture of continuous learning and adopting best practice solutions within the business . Designs appropriate framework conditions for creative thinking and sponsors commercially viable ideas despite possibility of failure. Proactively responds to the dynamic environment with courage and agility to create business advantage and identifies opportunities not apparent to others."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Propagates a learning ecosystem that transcends organizational boundaries and equips the enterprise for future challenges. Rapidly prepares and equips the enterprise to conquer the unknown by foreseeing disruptive global trends that have the potential to redefine the market. Reshapes the enterprise rapidly to generate and implement pioneering ideas that can potentially redefine the industry."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Efficient working across cultures \u0026 geography","description":"Efficient working across cultures \u0026 geography","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates basic awareness of cultural differences and geographic diversity.. Limited experience in collaborating with diverse teams or working in different geographical contexts.. Requires guidance and support when navigating cross-cultural interactions.. Shows willingness to learn and adapt to new cultural norms and working styles.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Able to work effectively in cross-cultural teams with occasional guidance.. Capable of adjusting communication and behavior to accommodate diverse cultural backgrounds.. Displays moderate understanding of cultural nuances and geographic variations.. Shows willingness to seek feedback and improve cross-cultural competency."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively seeks opportunities to share knowledge and mentor others in cross-cultural competence. Demonstrates proficiency in navigating complex cross-cultural situations autonomously.. Effectively communicates and collaborates with diverse stakeholders across geographies.. Exhibits a high level of cultural sensitivity and adaptability.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Demonstrates mastery in building and leading multicultural teams.. Possesses deep insight into cultural dynamics and global trends.. Serves as a recognized thought leader in cross-cultural communication and collaboration.. Successfully navigates complex geopolitical environments with finesse.."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Sphere of Influence","description":"Sphere of Influence","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Limited understanding of the dynamics of influence in domestic or global scenarios.. Relies heavily on personal opinions and biases rather than objective analysis. Struggles to recognize and adapt to power dynamics."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Basic understanding of the factors influencing power dynamics in domestic or global contexts.. Demonstrates some ability to anticipate and prepare for challenges, but may struggle to navigate complex or unexpected situations.. Shows willingness to seek guidance and feedback from more experienced individuals.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Able to influence stakeholders at various levels and build coalitions to achieve objectives. Proactively anticipates challenges and develops contingency plans to address them.. Proficient in analyzing and navigating power dynamics in both domestic and global scenarios.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Exceptional ability to analyze complex situations, identify opportunities, and devise innovative strategies to achieve objectives.. Highly skilled in building and maintaining relationships with diverse stakeholders, including those with opposing viewpoints.. Known for inspiring and motivating others to action, even in the most challenging circumstances. Recognized as a thought leader in understanding and leveraging influence.."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Result Orientation","description":"Result Orientation","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Struggles to set  goals within industry standards. Is unable to demonstrate understanding of standard processes and quality standards. Is unable to arrive at concrete decisions Decision-making processes are slow and lack agility. "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Sets goals within industry standards. Follows standard processes and quality standards. Makes decisions based primarily on internal factors. Considers industry context in decision-making but doesn\u0027t fully leverage it. Decision-making processes are somewhat sluggish. "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Sets somewhat ambitious goals but struggles with realism. Occasionally updates processes and quality standards. Considers industry context in decision-making with some long-term strategic implications. Attempts to foster a culture of agile decision-making. "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Sets bold, ambitious, and realistic goals that consistently challenge industry standards. Sets exemplary process and quality standards, actively redefining performance metrics to shape industry practices. Considers industry context in decision-making, making bold decisions with clear long-term strategic implications. Fosters a culture of agile decision-making. Strategic Thinking: Developing and implementing long-term strategies that align with industry trends. Innovation: Developing and implementing new processes, solutions, and business models. "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Sets bold, ambitious, and highly realistic goals that consistently challenge and often surpass industry standards. Sets exemplary process and quality standards, continuously redefining performance metrics to shape and lead industry practices. Considers industry context deeply in decision-making, making bold decisions with far-reaching strategic implications for the enterprise and industry. Fosters a culture of agile decision-making, driving competitive advantage for the enterprise. Visionary Leadership: Creating a clear and compelling vision for the future of the organization and industry.  Transformational Change: Leading and driving significant changes within the organization and industry. Strategic Influence: Shaping industry practices and influencing key stakeholders. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Clarity of outcome","description":"Clarity of outcome","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Consistently outperforms process and quality standards and enables others to do the same. Sets relevant milestones and deliverables, and pushes self and others to achieve stretch targets. Solicits customer feedback and builds knowledge of organizational practices to drive incremental improvements in work methods."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Builds customer and market insights to drive continuous improvement in processes and solutions. Cascades business goals to individual teams and drives results through ownership of team targets. Drives constant commitment to achieving the highest standards of process efficiency and quality to shape business practices."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Consistently strives to raise the bar on process and quality standards to shape organizational practices. Identifies key business priorities and actively generates commitment to business goals. Leverages experience and industry benchmarks to establish best-in-class processes and solutions."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Enthuses the organization by setting bold, ambitious yet realistic goals that challenge industry standards. Envisions and sponsors radical processes, solutions and business models that challenge industry paradigms. Sets exemplary process/ quality standards and redefines performance metrics to shape industry practices."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Problem-Solving ","description":"Problem-Solving ","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Takes accountability and ownership for the decisions of self and others and any outcome thereof. Uses judgement and work-unit context to arrive at quick, well-informed decisions."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Encourages decision-making in the team by taking ownership for and defending any decisions taken by one’s team . Takes account of business and customer perspective to make difficult, judicious decisions ."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Considers dynamic business context and balances conflicting stakeholder perspectives through bold, high-impact decisions. Takes a tough stance and establishes an environment that encourages agile decision-making for business advantage."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Considers industry context to make bold decisions that have long-term strategic implications for the enterprise and industry. Fosters a culture of agile decision-making to drive competitive advantage for the enterprise."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Technology Teenager","description":"Technology Teenager","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Rarely leverages advanced digital tools to drive innovation and efficiency. Struggles to identify patterns, trends, and root causes in data analysis. Does not provide inputs for future technological imperatives or seek opportunities for co-creation. Does not embed sustainability principles into business strategies. "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Occasionally uses advanced digital tools for innovation and efficiency but lacks consistency. Identifies some patterns, trends, and root causes in data analysis, but results are limited. Provides sporadic inputs for future technological imperatives and explores some opportunities for co-creation. Makes minimal efforts to embed sustainability principles into business strategies. "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Regularly leverages advanced digital tools to drive innovation and efficiency. Identifies patterns, trends, and root causes effectively in data analysis. Provides inputs for future technological imperatives and actively seeks opportunities for co-creation. Embeds sustainability principles into business strategies to some extent. "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Consistently leverages advanced digital tools to drive significant innovation and efficiency gains. Proficiently identifies patterns, trends, and root causes in data analysis. Provides valuable inputs for future technological imperatives and actively co-creates initiatives within the division. Embeds sustainability principles deeply into business strategies integrating them into decision-making processes effectively. Data-Driven Decision Making: Using data analysis to inform strategic decisions and drive innovation. Technological Foresight: Identifying and anticipating emerging technologies and their impact on the organization. Sustainable Business Practices: Integrating sustainability principles into all aspects of business operations. "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Excellently leverages advanced digital tools to drive transformative innovation and efficiency improvements. Conducts thorough evaluations of feasibility, effectiveness, and risks. Provides strategic inputs for future technological imperatives and collaborates seamlessly to co-create initiatives within the division. Embeds sustainability principles comprehensively into business strategies ensuring alignment with organizational goals and industry best practices. Digital Transformation: Leading and driving the adoption of digital technologies to transform the organization. Strategic Partnerships: Building and leveraging partnerships with technology providers and innovators. Corporate Social Responsibility: Integrating social and environmental responsibility into business strategy. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"New / Digital Ways of Working","description":"New / Digital Ways of Working","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates willingness to adopt them. Is aware of and seeks to utilize current digital and technology initiatives. Is open to new / different ways of working . Shows excitement when informed about new digital and technological initiatives."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Actively seeks opportunities to apply new tools and techniques . Demonstrates ability to analyse information to come up with observations . Identifies synergies or inconsistencies between various sources of data and brings out the insights ."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Challenges the status quo to introduce digital / technology within the department . Ensures that new ways of working are sustainable in the long run. Evaluates feasibility of introducing digital applications for enhancing efficiencies . Presents findings \u0026 recommends evidence-based solutions  . Utilizes digital tools to enhance efficiency of processes ."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Embeds sustainability principles into business strategies at the divisional level. Identifies patterns, trends in the data and root causes to evaluate feasibility, effectiveness and risks. Leverages advanced digital tools to drive innovation and efficiency . Provides inputs for future technological imperatives and looks for opportunities to co-create initiatives within the division ."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Growth Mindset","description":"Growth Mindset","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively Shows limited interest in the successes of others "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Masterfully creates a supportive and empowering environment for individuals and teams, fostering significant growth and development Demonstrates exceptional emotional intelligence, seamlessly managing emotions and positively influencing the organizational climate Exemplifies mastery in fostering an innovative and creative environment, continually drives transformative changes, and serves as a role model for creative thinking and innovation across the organization. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Embrace challenges as opportunities","description":"Embrace challenges as opportunities","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning.. Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning.. Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar.. Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar.. Requires encouragement and guidance to step outside of their routine and tackle unfamiliar tasks.. Requires encouragement and guidance to step outside of their routine and tackle unfamiliar tasks.. Requires encouragement to recognize the value of learning from the accomplishments of others.. Requires encouragement to recognize the value of learning from the accomplishments of others.. Shows limited interest in the successes of others.. Shows limited interest in the successes of others.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others.. Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others.. Demonstrates the ability to tackle moderately challenging tasks with guidance.. Demonstrates the ability to tackle moderately challenging tasks with guidance.. Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support.. Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support.. Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors.. Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors.. Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities.. Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others.. Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others.. Demonstrates resilience in the face of setbacks and uses challenges as opportunities for growth.. Demonstrates resilience in the face of setbacks and uses challenges as opportunities for growth.. Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities.. Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities.. Is willing to adapt and incorporate successful practices observed in others into their own approach.. Is willing to adapt and incorporate successful practices observed in others into their own approach.. Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills.. Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits.. Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits.. Demonstrates a high level of adaptability and creativity in solving problems and overcoming obstacles.. Demonstrates a high level of adaptability and creativity in solving problems and overcoming obstacles.. Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth.. Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth.. Finds deep meaning and insight in the successes of others.. Finds deep meaning and insight in the successes of others.. Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others.. Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others.."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Learn from Failure","description":"Learn from Failure","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited ability to learn from mistakes or criticism due to a lack of self-awareness.. Demonstrates limited ability to learn from mistakes or criticism due to a lack of self-awareness.. Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively.. Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively.. Shows resistance or defensiveness when faced with failure or criticism.. Shows resistance or defensiveness when faced with failure or criticism.. Struggles to accept feedback and may perceive it as a personal attack.. Struggles to accept feedback and may perceive it as a personal attack.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Begins to acknowledge and accept failure and feedback as opportunities for growth.. Begins to acknowledge and accept failure and feedback as opportunities for growth.. Makes some effort to learn from mistakes or criticism, but may not consistently apply feedback constructively.. Makes some effort to learn from mistakes or criticism, but may not consistently apply feedback constructively.. Requires encouragement and guidance to develop a more proactive approach to learning from failure and feedback.. Requires encouragement and guidance to develop a more proactive approach to learning from failure and feedback.. Shows openness to receiving feedback but may still struggle with defensiveness or negative emotions.. Shows openness to receiving feedback but may still struggle with defensiveness or negative emotions.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively seeks out feedback and reflects on past experiences to identify areas for improvement.. Actively seeks out feedback and reflects on past experiences to identify areas for improvement.. Begins to view failure and feedback as valuable learning opportunities and uses them to drive personal and professional growth.. Begins to view failure and feedback as valuable learning opportunities and uses them to drive personal and professional growth.. Demonstrates resilience and humility in the face of failure or criticism.. Demonstrates resilience and humility in the face of failure or criticism.. Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses.. Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Consistently applies lessons learned from failure and feedback to achieve continuous growth and excellence in performance.. Consistently applies lessons learned from failure and feedback to achieve continuous growth and excellence in performance.. Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback.. Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback.. Embraces failure and feedback as essential components of the learning process.. Embraces failure and feedback as essential components of the learning process.. Responds to criticism with grace and gratitude, recognizing it as a catalyst for improvement.. Responds to criticism with grace and gratitude, recognizing it as a catalyst for improvement.."}]}]},{"competencyName":"Innovation","description":"Innovation","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Maintains a conventional approach to problem-solving and decision-making, relying on established methods Demonstrates hesitancy or resistance towards exploring new ideas or alternative approaches Requires guidance and encouragement to recognize the value of creative thinking and innovation in achieving outcomes "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Makes some effort to encourage team members to share ideas and explore new approaches Shows willingness to experiment with different methodologies or processes to improve outcomes Requires support in creating a more inclusive environment where diverse perspectives are valued and encouraged "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Actively cultivates a work environment that stimulates creative thinking and innovation among team members Encourages open communication and idea-sharing, fostering a culture of collaboration and experimentation Demonstrates a proactive approach to exploring new ideas, methodologies, and alternative solutions to challenges "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Creates a dynamic and inspiring work environment where creativity and innovation thrive Empowers team members to take risks and pursue bold ideas, fostering a culture of innovation and experimentation Demonstrates a visionary mindset, constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible and driving transformative change through innovation "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Masterfully creates a supportive and empowering environment for individuals and teams, fostering significant growth and development Demonstrates exceptional emotional intelligence, seamlessly managing emotions and positively influencing the organizational climate Invests in the development of high-potential employees, defines talent roadmaps, and mentors across levels and divisions Embodies self-awareness, empathy, and compassion, serving as a role model and creating a culture of well-being, diversity, and inclusion "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"encourage creative thinking","description":"encourage creative thinking","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates hesitancy or resistance towards exploring new ideas or alternative approaches.. Maintains a conventional approach to problem-solving and decision-making, relying on established methods.. Requires guidance and encouragement to recognize the value of creative thinking and innovation in achieving outcomes.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Makes some effort to encourage team members to share ideas and explore new approaches.. Requires support in creating a more inclusive environment where diverse perspectives are valued and encouraged. Shows willingness to experiment with different methodologies or processes to improve outcomes.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively cultivates a work environment that stimulates creative thinking and innovation among team members.. Demonstrates a proactive approach to exploring new ideas, methodologies, and alternative solutions to challenges.. Encourages open communication and idea-sharing, fostering a culture of collaboration and experimentation.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Creates a dynamic and inspiring work environment where creativity and innovation thrive.. Demonstrates a visionary mindset, constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible and driving transformative change through innovation. Empowers team members to take risks and pursue bold ideas, fostering a culture of innovation and experimentation.. Leads by example, actively championing creative thinking and encouraging out-of-the-box solutions.."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"engage in continuous learning","description":"engage in continuous learning","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited interest in continuous learning and staying updated on emerging trends.. May view learning opportunities as optional or unrelated to their current responsibilities.. Shows little initiative in seeking out new knowledge or skill development opportunities."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Makes occasional efforts to stay informed about emerging trends and best practices in their field.. Recognizes the importance of continuous learning but may not prioritize it consistently.. Shows some initiative in seeking out learning opportunities, but may lack a structured approach.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively engages in continuous learning and seeks out opportunities to stay updated on emerging trends.through workshops, webinars, and conferences.. Begins to integrate new insights and best practices into their work to drive innovation and efficiency.. Shows a willingness to invest time and effort in acquiring new knowledge and skills to enhance job performance.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Demonstrates a deep understanding of emerging trends and best practices, and actively contributes to advancing knowledge in their field.. Proactively seeks out diverse learning opportunities from a wide range of sources, including formal education, mentorship, and self-directed study.. Serves as a thought leader and mentor, inspiring others to prioritize continuous learning and innovation in their professional development.."}]}]}],"Questions":[{"QstName":"\u003cp\u003eNexus, as an organization, is poised for significant growth in the infrastructure sector. As the CHRO, you are aware that the success of this growth is contingent upon not only technological advancements but also the development and retention of effective leaders. \u003c/p\u003e\u003col\u003e\u003cli\u003eDiscuss how you would identify and develop potential leaders within the organization to drive innovation and sustain the company\u0027s competitive edge in the market. \u003c/li\u003e\u003cli\u003eState any assumptions that you may have made while crafting your response\u003c/li\u003e\u003c/ol\u003e","Options":[],"Response":"Ans1. With underlying growth expected in Infrastructure projects, both in India and developing countries where Nexus has its footprints, this is imperative to be part of tis growth and provide impetus to it by driving the culture of the organization taking cue from core values of the organization.\u003cp\u003ea. With the usage of technologies available like Gen AI etc, would like to transform the HR function in recruitment and Talent acquisition so that the best of resources are hired to drive the agility in Innovation.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eb. Again, using the tools available in HR transformation domain, like Assessment Centers, Development centers, Hypot identification can be done for leadership pipeline development, succession planning and leading the organization into future.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003ec. Nurturing the employees in the fields of their skill development keeping in mind the Continuous Learning and futuristic requirements, would like to make employee\u0027s segment wise development plans. For, employees at junior level, various tools and can be provided for their self-learning like Coursera etc. For employees in mid-senior management, systematic development plan can be made to provide them exposure of top B-Schools or T-Schools for that outside-in perspective, learning from other organization\u0027s best practices etc. For employees at top leadership level, various tools and techniques on Coaching and mentoring can be given to develop the next line of leadership.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003ed. To drive the performance culture in the organization, tools can be administered to find the gaps in Performance to Potential and IDPs can be made to develop further.\u003c/p\u003e"},{"QstName":"\u003cp\u003eLeading Change in a Growing Organization: As Nexus Infrastructure Solutions embarks on its modernization initiative, the company is bound to experience change. \u003c/p\u003e \u003col\u003e\u003cli\u003eDescribe your approach to ensure you strike a right balance between equipping the workforce with new technologies and preserving employee morale. \u003c/li\u003e\u003cli\u003eHow would you measure the effectiveness of the approach you take? \u003c/li\u003e\u003cli\u003eState any assumptions that you may have made while crafting your response. \u003c/li\u003e\u003c/ol\u003e","Options":[],"Response":"Ans2. With technologies at forefront to lead the change in a growing organization, there could be instances where there could be resistance to change for the newer way of working. In order to create buy-in of technologies among employees for transformation in their areas, they should be encouraged to drive Innovation and lead the change in their own areas and function. The senior leadership will have to play a major role in doing so. In order to develop the digital mindset, would like to run a long term company wide program on \u003cb\u003eDigital Transformation\u003c/b\u003e, where there could be series of lectures from best in business on awareness and usage of various tools and technologies available in Digital domain, used cases where the usage of technologies actually led to the business transformation, Learning and acquiring collaboration with various Start-ups businesses in the country and overseas etc. Employees can identify projects in their own area of work that can be driven for Digital Transformation and Innovation with the usage of technologies. A company wide reward and recognition system that also measures the level of Transformation and Innovation, can be worked out for best Digital Transformation and Innovation idea to promote the Innovation culture in the organization. The idea that generate the best of Business benefit can be rewarded at CEO level for effectiveness."},{"QstName":"\u003cp\u003e Nexus is actively pursuing global expansion and strategic acquisitions.\u003c/p\u003e\u003col\u003e\u003cli\u003eWhat are the key HR challenges and opportunities associated with this growth strategy? \u003c/li\u003e\u003cli\u003eHow would you develop a comprehensive talent strategy to support this expansion? \u003c/li\u003e\u003c/ol\u003e","Options":[],"Response":"Ans3. The key challenges when an organization like Nexus pursue global expansion and strategic acquisition could be Geo-Political environment in the target country. By forging the strategic partnership, leveraging diverse talent pool and embracing cultural diversity, we can be successful in our endeavors.\u003cp\u003eThe top leadership at CXO level across organization, should draw the expansion plan in their own areas. Various CFTs can be made to learn and excel in Collaborative Environment. The\u0026nbsp; comprehensive succession planning roadmap prevailing in the organization will address the need arisen for growth and expansion plans. Also having ensured adequate DE and I strategy in place across the organization, an organization can become successful in these endeavors.\u003c/p\u003e"}]},{"assessmentId":"520146","assessmentName":"Role Play","scheduleID":"1763054","assessmentType":"roleplay","competency":[],"Questions":[]},{"assessmentId":"43","assessmentName":"Life Reflection","scheduleID":"0","assessmentType":"Life Reflection","competency":[{"competencyName":"Growth Mindset","description":"Growth Mindset","marksCriteria":[{"Marks":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively Shows limited interest in the successes of others "},{"Marks":"2","Description":"Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others "},{"Marks":"3","Description":"Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others "},{"Marks":"4","Description":"Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others "},{"Marks":"5","Description":"Masterfully creates a supportive and empowering environment for individuals and teams, fostering significant growth and development Demonstrates exceptional emotional intelligence, seamlessly managing emotions and positively influencing the organizational climate Exemplifies mastery in fostering an innovative and creative environment, continually drives transformative changes, and serves as a role model for creative thinking and innovation across the organization. "}],"subCompetency":[{"subCompetencyName":"Embrace challenges as opportunities","description":"Embrace challenges as opportunities","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning.. Demonstrates limited willingness to take on challenges or seek out new opportunities for learning.. Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar.. Prefers to work within their comfort zone and may avoid tasks perceived as difficult or unfamiliar.. Requires encouragement and guidance to step outside of their routine and tackle unfamiliar tasks.. Requires encouragement and guidance to step outside of their routine and tackle unfamiliar tasks.. Requires encouragement to recognize the value of learning from the accomplishments of others.. Requires encouragement to recognize the value of learning from the accomplishments of others.. Shows limited interest in the successes of others.. Shows limited interest in the successes of others.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others.. Begins to acknowledge and appreciate the successes of others.. Demonstrates the ability to tackle moderately challenging tasks with guidance.. Demonstrates the ability to tackle moderately challenging tasks with guidance.. Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support.. Is open to trying new tasks or projects but may require some encouragement or support.. Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors.. Requires some guidance in identifying and applying lessons from others\u0027 successes to their own endeavors.. Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities.. Shows moderate willingness to take on challenges and explore new learning opportunities.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others.. Actively seeks out and celebrates the successes of others.. Demonstrates resilience in the face of setbacks and uses challenges as opportunities for growth.. Demonstrates resilience in the face of setbacks and uses challenges as opportunities for growth.. Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities.. Displays a high level of motivation and enthusiasm for taking on challenges and seeking out learning opportunities.. Is willing to adapt and incorporate successful practices observed in others into their own approach.. Is willing to adapt and incorporate successful practices observed in others into their own approach.. Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills.. Proactively seeks out stretch tasks and projects that push their boundaries and expand their skills.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits.. Actively seeks out the most demanding and complex tasks or projects to continuously push their limits.. Demonstrates a high level of adaptability and creativity in solving problems and overcoming obstacles.. Demonstrates a high level of adaptability and creativity in solving problems and overcoming obstacles.. Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth.. Exhibits an exceptional ability to embrace challenges and turn them into opportunities for learning and growth.. Finds deep meaning and insight in the successes of others.. Finds deep meaning and insight in the successes of others.. Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others.. Serves as a mentor or role model, sharing insights gained from others\u0027 successes to inspire and empower others.."}]},{"subCompetencyName":"Learn from Failure","description":"Learn from Failure","proficiencyLevel":[{"Level":"1","Description":"Demonstrates limited ability to learn from mistakes or criticism due to a lack of self-awareness.. Demonstrates limited ability to learn from mistakes or criticism due to a lack of self-awareness.. Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively.. Requires significant guidance and support to understand the value of feedback and use it constructively.. Shows resistance or defensiveness when faced with failure or criticism.. Shows resistance or defensiveness when faced with failure or criticism.. Struggles to accept feedback and may perceive it as a personal attack.. Struggles to accept feedback and may perceive it as a personal attack.."},{"Level":"2","Description":"Begins to acknowledge and accept failure and feedback as opportunities for growth.. Begins to acknowledge and accept failure and feedback as opportunities for growth.. Makes some effort to learn from mistakes or criticism, but may not consistently apply feedback constructively.. Makes some effort to learn from mistakes or criticism, but may not consistently apply feedback constructively.. Requires encouragement and guidance to develop a more proactive approach to learning from failure and feedback.. Requires encouragement and guidance to develop a more proactive approach to learning from failure and feedback.. Shows openness to receiving feedback but may still struggle with defensiveness or negative emotions.. Shows openness to receiving feedback but may still struggle with defensiveness or negative emotions.."},{"Level":"3","Description":"Actively seeks out feedback and reflects on past experiences to identify areas for improvement.. Actively seeks out feedback and reflects on past experiences to identify areas for improvement.. Begins to view failure and feedback as valuable learning opportunities and uses them to drive personal and professional growth.. Begins to view failure and feedback as valuable learning opportunities and uses them to drive personal and professional growth.. Demonstrates resilience and humility in the face of failure or criticism.. Demonstrates resilience and humility in the face of failure or criticism.. Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses.. Shows a willingness to make changes based on feedback and takes proactive steps to address weaknesses.."},{"Level":"4","Description":"Consistently applies lessons learned from failure and feedback to achieve continuous growth and excellence in performance.. Consistently applies lessons learned from failure and feedback to achieve continuous growth and excellence in performance.. Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback.. Demonstrates a high level of self-awareness and emotional intelligence in processing feedback.. Embraces failure and feedback as essential components of the learning process.. Embraces failure and feedback as essential components of the learning process.. Responds to criticism with grace and gratitude, recognizing it as a catalyst for improvement.. Responds to criticism with grace and gratitude, recognizing it as a catalyst for improvement.."}]}]}],"Questions":[{"QstName":"A competitor launches an innovative product that outperforms yours.How do you respond? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Ignore the competition and maintain confidence in your product","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Analyze their success and learn from it.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Discredit their product without investigation.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Take immediate action to counter their product and refocus your efforts and resources on the R\u0026D.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate competitive analysis to someone else","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You’ve just delivered a high-stakes presentation to your investors for a new business idea. You understand the importance of this meeting and had put in extensive research to ensure the success of the meeting. What’s your next step? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Start planning for the launch as you are confident of your research and delivery and of the desired impact of the presentation.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Request feedback from attendees and critically evaluate the feedback to determine the next course of action.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"No specific action required as you await their response/decision.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Focus on other tasks and forget about the presentation when you don’t hear back from them within an acceptable period.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate follow-up with the investors to a team member.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You are the CPO and your department has launched a new product which marks a much anticipated major milestone for the company. How do you celebrate? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Do not have a large celebration but arrange for individual bonuses for critical contributors","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Acknowledge the team\u0027s efforts across all platforms and share credit; Reward the critical contributors","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Thank the team for their contributions and ask them to continue to excel in all current and future projects","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Acknowledge the team\u0027s efforts and remind them to be continuously aware of external factors to be able to similarly leverage them for future success.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate celebrations entirely to the team and be present during the team celebration to thank the team.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Strategy Officer, your team achieves a significant strategic milestone. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Acknowledge the achievement briefly and move on to the next goal.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Celebrate the milestone with a team-wide event or recognition.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Downplay the success to avoid complacency.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Set even more ambitious targets immediately.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate celebrations entirely to the team and be present during the team celebration to acknowledge the team.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Customer Experience Officer, your company receives exceptional feedback from a long-standing customer. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"File the feedback away without acknowledging it.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Send a personalized thank-you note to the customer.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Share the feedback only with your immediate team.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Use the feedback as leverage in negotiations.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the response to a subordinate.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief People Officer, you want to implement an employee recognition program for loyalty and long tenure. However due to automation initiatives, there is a budget constrainst. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Delay the program until the next fiscal year.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Push and procure funds for the program as people are the key resources for the company.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Consult with HR professionals on best practices which can be executed within available budgets.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Provide informal recognition with a commitment of monetary benefits in the next fiscal","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Arrange for recognition platform at departmental levels and acknowledge employees for their loyalty while also explaining the budgetary constraints","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Procurement Officer, a key supplier consistently delivers high-quality materials ahead of schedule. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Acknowledge the superior service and encourage the supplier to maintain the same","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Express sincere gratitude to the supplier for their efforts.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Request even faster delivery without acknowledgment of their service quality.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Negotiate for lower prices as the supplier is obviously over budgeting on the timelines","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate supplier relations to a junior team member.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Innovation Officer, your cross-functional team successfully launches a groundbreaking product. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Attribute the success solely to the senior leadership.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Organize a team celebration to recognize everyone\u0027s contributions.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Keep the achievement low-key to avoid jealousy.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Shift focus to the next project without formally acknowledging the win.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the recognition to team leads.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the CEO, your company’s stock price reaches an all-time high. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Downplay the stock price increase to manage expectations.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Issue a heartfelt letter of appreciation to shareholders.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Sell your personal shares to capitalize on the gain.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Announce aggressive expansion plans with gratitude to the shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate investor relations to the CFO.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You’re leading a cross-functional team working on a high-stakes project with tight deadlines. Unexpected challenges arise, and you need to make a critical decision quickly. What would you do to balance the need for speed with ensuring quality outcomes?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":" Report the issue to the supervisor as is.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Find reasons why paperwork is deficient and excuse yourself from dealing with it.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Ask the supervisor for an extension of the deadline.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Enlist the help of one of your co-workers to assist you.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":" Rush through the paperwork to meet the deadline no matter what.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"Your team proposes a bold, unconventional idea that could significantly impact the company’s growth. However, it involves substantial risk. How would you evaluate and decide whether to pursue this innovative idea?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":" Research the idea, figure out how exactly it would contribute to the organization\u0027s competitive advantage.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Agree to try it out as there is significant positive impact on business growth","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Refuse to take up the idea as there are significant risks involved.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Evaluate current priorities and deliverables to determine the extent of resource investment required before taking any decision","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":" Accept the idea but plan to implement it in phases","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You discover that a colleague is engaging in unethical behavior that could harm the company’s reputation. How would you address this situation?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":" Report the issue to your supervisor.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Determine to observe further for repeated offense","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Approach your co-worker about the behavior yourself.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Discuss your co-worker’s behaviors with others.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Suggest your co-worker reads the company’s code of conduct.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"The company has followed traditional practices for years, but you believe there’s a better way to achieve results. How would you introduce your innovative approach without alienating colleagues?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Discuss with your superior, convince him/ her of the benefits and plan for a top-down adoption process","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Keep trying to push your ideas even if colleagues do not respond positively as you are convinced of the benefits of the idea.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Involve the colleagues and stakeholders in planning for the idea adoption across all levels","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Understand priorities of different teams / businesses and adopt approach to convince which would work for each of them","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Leave things as they are and do your best.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You’re assigned a project with vague guidelines and unclear objectives. How would you approach this ambiguous situation?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":" Approach your supervisor about the issue and discuss it.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Ignore the issue and just keep working.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Seek clarification from stakeholders and create a structured plan.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":" Break down the problem and iterate as more information becomes available.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Gather data to support your approach and present it constructively.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You’re managing a project where different stakeholders have conflicting priorities. How would you ensure that all stakeholders’ needs are considered?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Prioritize the stakeholder who has the most influence.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Ignore conflicting priorities and focus on your team’s goals.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Facilitate open discussions, identify common ground, and seek win win solutions","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Side with the stakeholder who is most vocal.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the decision-making process to a senior manager.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the CEO of a technology company, you discover that a competitor is about to launch a disruptive product that could significantly impact your market share. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":" Acquire the competitor to neutralize the threat.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Launch a counter-product with similar features.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Collaborate with the competitor to create a joint solution.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":" Invest heavily in marketing to maintain customer loyalty.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":" Ignore the threat and focus on existing products.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Supply Chain Officer, you discover that one of your suppliers engages in child labor to produce raw materials for your company. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Cut ties with the supplier immediately.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Investigate further and verify the claims.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Implement stricter supplier audits and compliance checks","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Shift production to a different region.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Prioritize cost savings over ethical concerns.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the CFO of a multinational corporation, you face a sudden financial crisis due to economic downturns. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Lay off employees to reduce costs.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Seek emergency funding from investors.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Diversify revenue streams to mitigate risk.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Cut executive bonuses to set an example.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delay financial reporting to avoid panic.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Product Officer, you discover a critical flaw in one of your company’s flagship products that poses safety risks to consumers. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Recall the product immediately.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Downplay the issue and continue sales.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Investigate further before taking action.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Consult legal counsel before making a decision.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Blame external factors for the flaw.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chairman of the Board, you preside over a heated disagreement among board members regarding a major strategic decision. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Mediate the discussion and seek consensus.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Side with the majority opinion.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Postpone the decision until emotions cool down.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Remove dissenting board members.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Make the decision unilaterally.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Strategy Officer, your company plans to expand into a new international market. What would you be most likely to do?","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Conduct thorough market research and feasibility studies.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Partner with a local company for market entry.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Rely on existing success strategies without adaptation.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the decision to regional managers.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delay expansion until economic conditions improve","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Operating Officer (COO), you face conflicting demands from two influential stakeholders. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Prioritize the stakeholder with the highest authority.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Mediate between the stakeholders to find a compromise.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Align with the stakeholder who benefits your career.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delay the decision until the conflict resolves itself.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Transparently communicate the situation to both stakeholders.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), one of the independent board directors have requested detailed financial information to proceed on a certain decision, but you feel that some of the data is sensitive. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Share all financial data transparently with the board member","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Provide only non-sensitive information to maintain confidentiality.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Consult legal counsel before sharing any data.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Share the data selectively based on board members’ role in the decision making.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Avoid sharing any financial information with the board.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO), you have two equally deserving candidates for a promotion. One of them has been your mentee for the past few years and you have seen exceptional efforts from him to develop the business as well as himself personally. The other candidate is a recent hire and has brought with him a significant customer base which has been a strong contributing factor for some recent successes. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Promote the candidate with the longer tenure as you have personal confidence in his capabilities.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Base the decision on personal rapport with the candidates.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Evaluate their performance metrics objectively.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Seek input from other executives before deciding.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Postpone the decision until a future date.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Technology Officer (CTO), you receive an invitation to join an influential industry association. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Decline the invitation to avoid potential conflicts.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Join the association to expand your professional network.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Research the association’s reputation and impact.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Consult with other CTOs about their experiences.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the invitation to a subordinate.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Procurement Officer (CPO), one of your long time supplier who has just won a large order from you, invites you to an exclusive celebratory event. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Accept the invitation and discreetly attend the event.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Report the invitation to your superiors, audit committee, etc.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Politely decline the invitation without reporting it.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Investigate the supplier’s practices further.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Use this invitation offer as leverage for future negotiations.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"As the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), you have always taken a personal and active interest in the CSR activities that the company is engaged in. However you currently find yourself being more involved in expansion projects and customer retention strategies to tide over a recent financial downturn than in CSR. What would you be most likely to do? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Prioritize profit and shareholder value, which in turn will fund the CSR activities.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Try to balance your time and resources between your business priorities and CSR interests.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate CSR decisions to a specialized team.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Publicly commit to lofty CSR plans regardless of financial imperatives.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delay CSR initiatives until profitability improves.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"You’re leading a critical project with a tight timeline, and your team looks up to you for guidance. However, you’re unsure about a specific aspect.What would you be most likely to do","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Act confidently in front of the team and make a decision based on your intuition and past experience.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Allocate time to seek advice from experts or other team members before taking decision.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate the decision to someone else.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delay the decision until you feel more certain.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Pretend to know the answer without really sharing any helpful guidance.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"Your company faces a complex financial challenge, and stakeholders expect your expertise as the CFO.You however, understand that the problem is of a very specific nature and not one that you have experienced earlier in your career. How would you approach this situation? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Present yourself as an all-knowing financial expert and provide solutions confidently.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Openly admit your limitations and seek input from financial analysts","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Focus on other problems and delay the discussion on this particular problem till you are able to arrive at some solution","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Rely on your intuition and experience and suggest options that you think could be relevant.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Delegate financial decisions to others in the team","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null},{"QstName":"Your team faces a setback in the current project and morale is low. This had been a critical and prestigious project which if successful would have brought significant recognition for you and the team. How would you address this? ","Options":[{"OptionDescr":"Downplay the setback and engage the team on other projects immediately to maintain team\u0027s confidence.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Acknowledge the failure openly and discuss with the team on learnings and future course of action","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":true},{"OptionDescr":"Empathise with team members on the failure and rationalise the various contributing factors that led to the failure","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Motivate the team for the future and encourage them to push themselves harder, while reminding them of the missed opportunity.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false},{"OptionDescr":"Avoid discussing setbacks.","OptionScore":"0","IsSelected":false}],"Response":null}]},{"assessmentId":"520104","assessmentName":"CBI","scheduleID":"1763055","assessmentType":"Interview","competency":[],"Questions":[]}]}
